Add component styling and TypeScript API changes to upgrade guide (#1099)
vaadin/docs: articles/upgrading/typescript/_21-22.adoc

[discrete]
==== Component TypeScript APIs

[discrete]
===== Input field components

The following general changes have been made to all input field components:

> * https://github.com/vaadin/web-components/issues/3275[Removed support for using positive tabindex values] (e.g. `tabindex=”1”`) on all input field components (this will not cause errors but has no effect). Setting tabindex to `0` or `-1` is still supported, however. It is recommended to ensure input fields are in the correct order in the DOM instead of overriding the tab order with tabindex.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* https://github.com/vaadin/web-components/issues/3275[Removed support for using positive tabindex values] (for example, `tabindex=”1”`) on all input field components. 
This will not cause errors but has no effect.
However, setting tabindex to `0` or `-1` is still supported.
It is recommended to ensure that input fields are in the correct order in the DOM, instead of overriding the tab order with tabindex.

```

[discrete]
===== Checkbox

> * A new `label` property was introduced to set plain text labels in client-side code, and should be used instead wrapping the text inside the element tags:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A new `label` property was introduced to set plain text labels in client-side code, and this should be used instead of wrapping the text inside the element tags:

```

+
[source, html]
----
<!-- Before -->
<vaadin-checkbox>Foo</vaadin-checkbox>

<!-- After -->
<vaadin-checkbox label=”Foo”>
----

> * Similarly, rich (html) labels should be applied using the new `label` slot:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Similarly, rich (HTML) labels should be applied using the new `label` slot:

```

+
[source,html]
----
<!-- Before -->
<vaadin-checkbox>
  Foo <b>Bar</b>
</vaadin-checkbox>

<!-- After -->
<vaadin-checkbox>
  <label slot=”label”>Foo <b>Bar</b></label>
</vaadin-checkbox>
----

[discrete]
===== Combo Box

* No longer extends `vaadin-text-field`.
* Label, error message and the native input element https://github.com/vaadin/web-components/pull/2496[are now slotted elements] in light DOM instead of inside the component’s shadow DOM.
* https://github.com/vaadin/web-components/pull/2622[Dropped support] for `iron-input` and `paper-input` from `vaadin-combo-box-light`.

[discrete]
===== Date Picker

* No longer extends `vaadin-text-field`.
* Label, error message and the native input element https://github.com/vaadin/web-components/pull/2496[are now slotted elements] in light DOM instead of inside the component’s shadow DOM.

> * Removed the `i18n.calendar` property as unneeded since the toggle button is no longer announced by screen readers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed the `i18n.calendar` property, as it was unneeded since the toggle button is no longer announced by screen readers.

```

[discrete]
===== Grid

* `heightByRows` property renamed `allRowsVisible`.

[discrete]
===== Number Field

* No longer extends `vaadin-text-field`.
* Label, error message and the native input element https://github.com/vaadin/web-components/pull/2279[are now slotted elements] in light DOM instead of inside the component’s shadow DOM.

> * Removed `maxlength`, `minlength` and `pattern` properties that didn’t work anyway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed `maxlength`, `minlength` and `pattern` properties, which did not work anyway.

```

[discrete]
===== Password Field

* Extends the updated `vaadin-text-field`. See <<Text Field>> changes for details.

> * Added the property `i18n.reveal` for providing an accessible label for the password reveal button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the property `i18n.reveal` to provide an accessible label for the password reveal button.

```

[discrete]
===== Radio Button

> * New `label` property and `label` slot introduced for setting plaintext and html labels, respectively:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* New `label` property and `label` slot introduced to set plain-text and HTML labels, respectively:

```
